fix: prevent non-shared DB instances from polluting shared cache (#9679)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.6.4.rst

Bugs Fixed
**********

> - **Database:** Fixed a bug in ``Database::connect()`` which was causing storing non-shared connection instances in shared cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Database:** Fixed a bug in ``Database::connect()`` which was causing to store non-shared connection instances in shared cache.
```
